Source: https://www.fda.gov/food/outbreaks-foodborne-illness/outbreak-investigation-salmonella-cantaloupes-november-2023
Accessed: 2026-09-20
Title: outbreak investigation salmonella cantaloupes november 2023

Outbreak Investigation of Salmonella: Cantaloupes (November 2023) | FDA
Skip to main content
Skip to FDA Search
Skip to in this section menu
Skip to footer links
Home
Food
Recalls, Outbreaks & Emergencies
Outbreaks of Foodborne Illness
Outbreak Investigation of Salmonella: Cantaloupes (November 2023)
Outbreaks of Foodborne Illness
In this section
Products and Stores Affected (Updated on 1/19/2024)
Recalled whole and pre-cut cantaloupes and recalled product containing pre-cut cantaloupes were sold or distributed from September to early December 2023 and should be past shelf-life. Consumers who froze cantaloupe products should check if they are part of the recalls. If you are unsure of where your cantaloupes are from, you should discard them.
Recalled whole cantaloupe from the following brands:
Whole fresh cantaloupes
with a label on the cantaloupe that says “Malichita” or “Rudy”, “4050”, and “Product of Mexico/produit du Mexique”.
Retailers and wholesalers would have received recalled whole melons from Sofia Produce doing business as
TruFresh
in boxes labeled “Malichita” or “Rudy”, or from
Crown Jewels Produce
in boxes labeled “Malichita/Z Farms”, or from
Pacific Trellis
in corrugated cartons with certain lot codes.
Recalled pre-cut cantaloupe and products containing pre-cut cantaloupes (products made from recalled whole cantaloupes) can be found on the
Major Recalls Page
.
Symptoms of
Salmonella
Infection
Illness usually occurs within 12 to 72 hours after eating contaminated food and usually lasts four to seven days. Symptoms include diarrhea, fever, and abdominal cramps. Children younger than five, the elderly, and people with weakened immune systems are more likely to have severe infections.
Status
Ended
Recommendation
Consumers, restaurants, retailers, and wholesalers should not eat, sell, or serve recalled cantaloupe or recalled products containing cantaloupe.
Recalled whole and pre-cut cantaloupes and recalled product containing pre-cut cantaloupes were sold or distributed from September to early December 2023 and should be past shelf-life. Consumers who froze cantaloupe products should check if they are part of the recalls. If you are unsure of where your cantaloupes are from, you should discard them.
Anyone who purchased or received recalled cantaloupes should follow
FDA’s safe handling and cleaning advice
and use extra vigilance in cleaning and sanitizing any surfaces and containers that may have come in contact with recalled products to reduce the risk of cross-contamination.
Pre-cut fruit manufacturers should ensure proper cleaning and sanitizing of food contact surfaces and evaluate the need to recall additional product due to the potential for cross-contamination in the processing facility.
Contact your healthcare provider if you think you may have
symptoms
of a
Salmonella
infection after eating recalled cantaloupe.
Current Update
January 19, 2024
The FDA and CDC, in collaboration with Canadian, state and local partners, investigated an outbreak of
Salmonella
infections linked to recalled cantaloupe.
As part of this investigation, FDA and industry partners worked together to collect and analyze samples of cantaloupe. Two of the samples were positive for
Salmonella
Sundsvall, and Whole Genome Sequencing (WGS) analysis confirmed that the strain of
Salmonella
found in isolates associated with these two samples matched the same strain of
Salmonella
found in ill people. One isolate tested positive for
Salmonella
Newport; however, it was not associated with the outbreak. Industry’s cooperation in collecting and sharing samples with FDA for further analysis provided additional information that helped resolve this outbreak.
As of January 19, 2024, CDC announced that the outbreak is over. CDC reports a total of 407 illnesses in 44 states. There has been a total of 158 hospitalizations and 6 deaths associated with this incident. The last illness onset was December 25, 2023. FDA’s investigation is complete.
Case Count Map Provided by CDC
Case Counts
Total Illnesses: 407
Hospitalizations: 158
Deaths: 6
Last Illness Onset: 12/25/2023
States with Cases: AK, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, MA, MD, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV, WY
Product Distribution: Nationwide and Canada
Useful Links
CDC Outbreak Advisory
Canada Outbreak Advisory
2023 Cantaloupe Outbreak Recalls Page
Food Safety Tips for Retailers and Consumers During an Outbreak
Who to Contact
What is Salmonellosis?
Product Images – Recalled Whole Cantaloupe
Product Images – Recalled Cut Cantaloupe and Products Containing Cantaloupe
More information about recalled products and additional product images can be found on the
Major Recall Page
.
Previous Updates
December 15, 2023
FDA has been notified of additional recalls of pre-cut products made from recalled cantaloupes and has posted a compiled list of these recalls on the FDA website. Since the last update, Stop & Shop initiated a recall of TruFresh cantaloupe that was purchased between the dates of Oct. 23 – Nov. 11, 2023.
As of, December 15, 2023, CDC reported 302 cases from 42 states, with a latest onset date of November 28, 2023. Based on epidemiological data collected by CDC, 107 of 145 cases report exposure to cantaloupe and 56 people specifically report eating pre-cut cantaloupe.
The investigation is ongoing to determine whether additional products are linked to illnesses. FDA will update this advisory should additional consumer safety information become available.
December 7, 2023
FDA has been notified of additional recalls of pre-cut products made from recalled cantaloupes and has posted a compiled list of these recalls on the
FDA website
. On November 30, 2023,
Cut Fruit Express
initiated a recall of cantaloupe chunks and fruit mixes containing cantaloupe. On December 5, 2023,
TGD Cuts, LLC
has initiated a recall of the specific fresh-cut fruit cup, clamshell and tray products listed below because they contain cantaloupe from TruFresh.
As of, December 7, 2023, CDC reported 230 cases from 38 states, with a latest onset date of November 20, 2023. Based on epidemiological data collected by CDC, 78 of 105 cases report exposure to cantaloupe and 42 people specifically report eating pre-cut cantaloupe.
The investigation is ongoing to determine whether additional products are linked to illnesses. FDA will update this advisory should additional consumer safety information become available.
November 30, 2023
FDA has received additional recalls of pre-cut products made from recalled cantaloupes and has posted a compiled list of these recalls on the
FDA website
. This list will be updated as the agency receives notifications of new recalls. If you cannot tell if your cantaloupe, including pre-cut cantaloupe or products containing pre-cut cantaloupe is part of the recall, do not eat or use it and throw it away.
On November 27, 2023,
Kwik Trip
initiated a recall of fresh-cut fruit cup and tray products containing cantaloupe with sell-by dates of November 4, 2023 through December 3, 2023 because cantaloupes recalled by TrueFresh were used as raw materials in these products.
On November 28, 2023,
Bix Produce
recalled Grab N’ Go containers of cut cantaloupe and mixed fruit cups with sell-by dates of October 25, 2023 and October 26, 2023 because products were derived from cantaloupes that are involved in the Malachita cantaloupe recall.
On November 29, 2023,
GHGA
recalled pre-cut fruit products made from whole cantaloupe subject to the TrueFresh recall. Recalled products were distributed to Kroger stores in AL and GA, Sprout’s Farmers Market stores in AL, GA, NC, and SC, and Trader Joe’s stores in AL, FL, GA, SC, and TN and have “sell-by” dates from 10/28/23 – 11/8/23.
As of November 28, 2023, CDC reported 117 cases from 34 states, with a latest onset date of November 14, 2023. Based on epidemiological data collected by CDC, 40 of 52 cases report exposure to cantaloupe and 19 people specifically report eating pre-cut cantaloupe.
Since the last update on November 24, CDC has added a second strain of
Salmonella
(Oranienburg) to this outbreak investigation after the Canadian Food Inspection Agency found this strain in a sample of Malichita brand cantaloupes.  Two people in the United States are infected with the outbreak strain of
Salmonella
Oranienburg.
The investigation is ongoing to determine whether additional products are linked to illnesses. FDA will update this advisory should additional consumer safety information become available.
November 27, 2027
On November 24,
Pacific Trellis
initiated a recall of whole fresh cantaloupes distributed between October 18 - 26 in California, Illinois, Oklahoma, Texas, and Wisconsin, and sold in various retail supermarkets.
November 24, 2023
On November 22, 2023,
Crown Jewels Produce
issued a recall of whole fresh cantaloupes,
Sofia Produce
expanded their recall of fresh whole cantaloupe, and
CF Dallas
initiated a recall of fresh cut fruit products made from whole cantaloupe subject to the Sofia Produce recall. As of November 24, 2023, CDC reported 99 cases from 32 states, with a latest onset date of November 10, 2023. The investigation is ongoing to determine whether additional products are linked to illnesses. FDA will update this advisory should additional consumer safety information become available.
November 17, 2023
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), in collaboration with Canadian, and U.S. state and local partners, are investigating an outbreak of
Salmonella
Sundsvall infections. Whole Genome Sequencing analysis shows that clinical isolates from the ill people in
Canada
, are genetically related to the ill people in the United States. Canada has linked illnesses to imported cantaloupes sold under the label “Malichita”. Therefore, FDA recommends that consumers, restaurants, and retailers should not eat, sell, or serve recalled cantaloupe.
Based on epidemiological data collected by CDC, 15 of 29 cases report exposure to cantaloupe.
The investigation is ongoing to determine whether additional products are linked to illnesses. FDA will update this advisory should additional consumer safety information become available.
Who to Contact
Consumers who have symptoms
should contact their health care provider to report their symptoms and receive care.
To report a complaint or adverse event (illness or serious allergic reaction),
visit
Industry and Consumer Assistance
.
Follow us on X
(formerly Twitter)
Content current as of:
01/19/2024
Regulated Product(s)
Food & Beverages
Feedback
Subscribe to Updates: Outbreak Investigations & Safety Alerts
Get regular FDA email updates delivered on this topic to your inbox.
Enter your email address to subscribe:
Back to
Top
