Source: https://www.fda.gov/food/outbreaks-foodborne-illness/outbreak-investigation-e-coli-o157h7-spinach-november-2021
Accessed: 2026-09-20
Title: outbreak investigation e coli o157h7 spinach november 2021

Outbreak Investigation of E. Coli O157:H7 - Spinach (November 2021) | FDA
Skip to main content
Skip to FDA Search
Skip to in this section menu
Skip to footer links
Home
Food
Recalls, Outbreaks & Emergencies
Outbreaks of Foodborne Illness
Outbreak Investigation of E. Coli O157:H7 - Spinach (November 2021)
Outbreaks of Foodborne Illness
In this section
The FDA and CDC, in collaboration with state and local partners, investigated illnesses in a multistate outbreak of
E. coli
O157:H7. As of January 6, 2022, CDC declared this outbreak over.
FDA traced the supply chain for this positive product sample and deployed investigators to three farms in two separate states: California and Oregon. FDA conducted inspections, including sample collection and analysis, but inspections were limited because at the time the fields were fallow and no production activities were being conducted for spinach at any of the three farms. All samples collected were reported negative and no source or direct routes of contamination to the suspected spinach were found during the inspections. Investigators did report that one location processes product and sometimes uses product from multiple growers in one production run. This type of product co-mingling is not uncommon; but continues to present challenges for traceback investigations of foodborne outbreaks.
Recommendation
CDC announced the outbreak is over. There are no recommendations for consumers, retailers, or suppliers.
Case Count Map Provided by CDC
Case Counts
Total Illnesses: 15
Hospitalizations: 4
Deaths: 0
Last Illness Onset: November 8, 2021
States with Cases: CA (1), IA (1), IN (4), MI (1), MN (2), MO (1), NE (1), OH (1), PA (1) SD (2)
Useful Links
Food Safety Tips for Retailers and Consumers During an Outbreak
Food Safety Resources for Produce Shippers and Carriers During a Foodborne Illness Outbreak
Who to Contact
What is
E. coli
?
CDC Food Safety Alert
Product Images
Previous Updates
December 2, 2021
The FDA and CDC, in collaboration with state and local partners, are investigating illnesses in a multistate outbreak of
E. coli
O157:H7. According to the CDC, as of November 15, 2021, 10 people infected with the outbreak strain of
E. coli
O157:H7 have been reported from seven states. Illnesses started on dates ranging from October 15 to October 27, 2021. Five people in this outbreak report eating spinach in the week before becoming sick and one person reported Josie’s Organics brand.
On November 15, 2021, the Minnesota Department of Agriculture reported that, as part of this outbreak investigation, a sample of Josie’s Organics Baby Spinach collected from the home of an ill person tested positive for
E. coli
O157:H7. This sample had a “Best If Used By” date of October 23, 2021. Whole Genome Sequencing (WGS) analysis determined that the strain of
E. coli
O157:H7 present in the product sample matches the outbreak strain.
FDA traced the supply chain for this positive product sample back to a small number of farms in two different geographic regions and deployed Investigators along the supply chains of interest. FDA continues tracing back reported spinach exposures to identify if spinach from additional farms could have been implicated.
FDA and state partners are working with the firm to determine if additional products could be affected. This is an ongoing investigation and additional information will be provided as it becomes available.
November 16, 2021
The FDA and CDC, in collaboration with state and local partners, are investigating illnesses in a multistate outbreak of
E. coli
O157:H7. According to the CDC, as of November 15, 2021, 10 people infected with the outbreak strain of
E. coli
O157:H7 have been reported from 7 states. Illnesses started on dates ranging from October 15 to October 27, 2021. Five people in this outbreak report eating spinach in the week before becoming sick and one person reported Josie’s Organics brand.
On November 15, 2021, the Minnesota Department of Agriculture reported that, as part of this outbreak investigation, a sample of Josie’s Organics Baby Spinach collected from the home of an ill person tested positive for
E. coli
O157:H7. This sample had a “Best If Used By” date of October 23, 2021 and is undergoing Whole Genome Sequencing (WGS) analysis to determine if the strain of
E. coli
O157:H7 present in the product sample matches the outbreak strain.
As WGS analysis of the sample is underway, FDA is tracing back the supply of the baby spinach in the positive product sample. Thus far, FDA has traced supply chains for this product back to a small number of farms in two different geographic regions and is deploying investigators along the supply chains of interest.
FDA and state partners are working with the firm to determine if additional products could be affected. This is an ongoing investigation and additional information will be provided as it becomes available.
Who to Contact
Consumers who have symptoms
should contact their health care provider to report their symptoms and receive care.
To report a complaint or adverse event (illness or serious allergic reaction),
visit
Industry and Consumer Assistance
.
Follow us on X
(formerly Twitter)
Content current as of:
01/06/2022
Regulated Product(s)
Food & Beverages
Topic(s)
Outbreak
Feedback
Subscribe to Updates: Outbreak Investigations & Safety Alerts
Get regular FDA email updates delivered on this topic to your inbox.
Enter your email address to subscribe:
Back to
Top
