Source: https://www.fsis.usda.gov/recalls-alerts/ajinomoto-foods-north-america-inc--recalls-chicken-fried-rice-products-due-0
Accessed: 2026-09-20
Title: ajinomoto foods north america inc  recalls chicken fried rice products due 0

Ajinomoto Foods North America, Inc. Recalls Chicken Fried Rice Products Due to Possible Foreign Matter Contamination | Food Safety and Inspection Service
Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website.
Skip navigation
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure.
The
https://
ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
ALERT: El Eden Import Distributor Corp Recalls… See more details
Food Safety
Recalls & Public Health Alerts
Report a Problem with Food
Additional Recalls
Annual Recall Summaries
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2025
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2024
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2023
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2022
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2021
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2020
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2019
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2018
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2017
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2016
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2015
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2014
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2013
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2012
Food Safety Stats
Consumer Research
Foodborne Illness and Disease
Enfermedades Transmitidas Por Alimentos y Otras Enfermedades
Illnesses and Pathogens
Botulism
Campylobacter
E. coli
Listeria
Parasites and Foodborne Illness
Preguntas y Respuestas Sobre Listeria
Salmonella
Resources for Public Health Partners
State Departments of Public Health
Outbreaks
Outbreak Investigations: Prevention
Outbreak Investigations: Response
Safe Food Handling and Preparation
Food Safety Basics
Additives in Meat and Poultry Products
Air Fryers and Food Safety
Appliance Thermometers
Cleanliness Helps Prevent Foodborne Illness
Cooking for Groups
Cooking with Microwave Ovens
Cutting Boards
Danger Zone 40F - 140F
Deep Fat Frying
Doneness Versus Safety
Food Allergies: The “Big 9”
Food Thermometers
Glossary of Packaging Terms
Grilling Food Safely
Grilling and Food Safety
High Altitude Cooking
How Temperatures Affect Food
How to Find the USDA Establishment Number
Importing Meat, Poultry & Egg Products US
Irradiation and Food Safety FAQ
Keeping "Bag" Lunches Safe
Keeping Food Safe During an Emergency
Mail Order Food Safety
Meat and Poultry Labeling Terms
Meat and Poultry Packaging Materials
Molds on Food: Are They Dangerous?
Natural Flavors on Meat and Poultry Labels
Safe Handling of Take-Out Foods
Slow Cookers and Food Safety
Smoking Meat and Poultry
Tailgating Food Safety Q & A
Understanding FSIS Food Recalls
Water in Meat & Poultry
Food Product Dating
Freezing and Food Safety
Leftovers and Food Safety
Refrigeration
Safe Temperature Chart
Shelf-Stable Food
The Big Thaw — Safe Defrosting Methods
The Color of Meat and Poultry
Washing Food: Does it Promote Food Safety?
Food Safety While Hiking, Camping & Boating
Conceptos Básicos de Seguridad Alimentaria
Your Guide to Safe Spring Holiday Meals
Meat & Catfish
Bacon and Food Safety
Beef From Farm To Table
Bison from Farm to Table
Catfish from Farm to Table
Color of Cooked Ground Beef as It Relates to Doneness
Corned Beef
Door-to-Door Meat Sales
Fresh Pork from Farm to Table
Goat from Farm to Table
Ground Beef and Food Safety
Hams and Food Safety
Hot Dogs & Food Safety
Jerky
Lamb From Farm to Table
Mechanically Tenderized Beef
Rabbit From Farm to Table
Roasting Those "Other" Holiday Meats
Sausages and Food Safety
Veal from Farm to Table
Yersiniosis and Chitterlings Tips
Carne y Bagre
Poultry
Your Safe Thanksgiving Guide
Chicken From Farm to Table
Chicken Liver
Duck and Goose from Farm to Table
Hock Locks and Other Accoutrements
Is Pink Turkey Meat Safe?
Let's Talk Turkey Roasting
Poultry Processing: Questions & Answers
Poultry: Basting, Brining, and Marinating
Stuffing and Food Safety
The Poultry Label Says "Fresh"
Turduckens Require Safe Food Handling
Turkey Basics: Handling Cooked Dinners
Turkey Basics: Safe Cooking
Turkey Basics: Safe Thawing
Turkey Basics: Stuffing
Turkey from Farm to Table
Turkey: Alternate Routes to the Table
Aves de Corral
Eggs
Egg Products and Food Safety
Shell Eggs from Farm to Table
Huevos
Emergencies
A Consumer's Guide to Food Safety: Severe Storms and Hurricanes
Fires and Food Safety
Keep Your Food Safe During Emergencies
Removing Odors from Refrigerators and Freezers
USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline
Brochures & Publications
Food Defense and Emergency Response
Emergency Response
Continuity of Operations (COOP)
Food Defense
Risk Mitigation Tool
Food Defense Considerations for Transportation of FSIS-Regulated Products
Food Defense Tools, Resources and Training
Functional Food Defense Plans
International Food Defense
Subscribe for Updates
Looking for Recall Data?
Our annual summaries provide an overview of each year's recalls by class, reason and product.
Explore the Annual Summaries
USDA Recall Classifications
Class I - High or Medium Risk
This is a health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious, adverse health consequences or death.
Class II - Low Risk
This is a health hazard situation where there is a remote probability of adverse health consequences from the use of the product.
Class III - Marginal Risk
This is a situation where the use of the product will not cause adverse health consequences or the risk is negligible.
Call Our Hotline
For help with meat, poultry, and egg products, call the toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline:
1-888-MPHOTLINE
1-888-674-6854
Report a Problem with Food Online
If you have a problem with a food product, let FSIS know or find the appropriate public health organization.
Report Problem
005-2026
High - Class I
Product Contamination
Closed
Thu, 02/19/2026 - Tue, 06/16/2026
Nationwide
Ajinomoto Foods North America, Inc. Recalls Chicken Fried Rice Products Due to Possible Foreign Matter Contamination
Ajinomoto Foods North America
Quantity Recovered
6,037,289 lbs
FSIS Announcement
Editor’s Note: Mar. 9, 2026
– The product list in the expanded recall (See
Recall 005-2026-EXP
) was updated to reflect that products with the listed lot numbers, regardless of best-by date, are subject to the recall.
View full product list
.
View all labels
.
Editor’s Note: Mar. 3, 2026
– Ajinomoto Foods North America, Inc., expanded its recall on March 3, 2026 (See
Recall 005-2026-EXP
). The establishment recalled approximately 33,617,045 additional pounds of various ready-to-eat and not ready-to-eat chicken and pork fried rice, ramen, and shu mai dumpling products, for a combined total of 36,987,575 pounds subject to the recall.
View full product list
.
View all labels
.
WASHINGTON, FEB. 19, 2026
– Ajinomoto Foods North America, Inc., a Portland, Ore. establishment, is recalling approximately 3,370,530 pounds of frozen not ready-to-eat (NRTE) chicken fried rice products that may be contaminated with foreign material, specifically glass, the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) announced today.
The NRTE chicken fried rice items were produced between September 8, 2025, and November 17, 2025. The following products are subject to recall [
view labels
]:
1.53-kg. cardboard packages containing 6 bags of frozen “AJINOMOTO YAKITORI CHICKEN WITH JAPANESE-STYLE FRIED RICE” with BEST BEFORE/MEILLEUR AVANT dates 26 SE 09 through 26 NO 12.
20-oz. (1 lb. 4 oz.) plastic bag packages containing frozen “TRADER JOE’S Chicken Fried Rice with stir fried rice, vegetables, seasoned dark chicken meat and eggs” with BEST BY dates 9/8/2026 through 11/17/2026.
The products subject to recall bear establishment number P-18356 inside the USDA mark of inspection. The Trader Joe’s item was shipped to Trader Joe’s retail locations nationwide. The Ajinomoto item was exported only to Canada.
The problem was discovered after the establishment notified FSIS that it received four consumer complaints regarding glass found in product. There have been no confirmed reports of injury due to consumption of this product. Anyone concerned about an injury should contact a healthcare provider.
FSIS is concerned that some product may be in retailers’ or consumers’ freezers. Consumers who have purchased these products are urged not to consume them. These products should be thrown away or returned to the place of purchase.
FSIS routinely conducts recall effectiveness checks to verify recalling firms notify their
customers of the recall and that steps are taken to make certain that the product is no longer available to consumers. When available, the retail distribution list(s) will be posted on the FSIS website at
www.fsis.usda.gov/recalls
.
Members of the media with questions about the recall can contact Corporate PR at
MediaInquiry@ajinomotofoods.com
or call (909) 477-4800. Consumers with questions about the recall can contact Consumer Affairs, Ajinomoto Foods North America, at (855) 742-5011 or email at
customercare@ajinomotofoods.com
.
Consumers with food safety questions can call the toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline at 888-MPHotline (888-674-6854) or send a question via email to
MPHotline@usda.gov
. For consumers that need to report a problem with a meat, poultry, or egg product, the online Electronic Consumer Complaint Monitoring System can be accessed 24 hours a day at
https://foodcomplaint.fsis.usda.gov/eCCF/
.
Product Images
Recall-005-2026_Food_Labels.pdf
Distribution List
File
RC-005-2026-Retail-List.pdf
Company Information
Ajinomoto Foods North America
Portland, OR
Establishment ID
M18356+P18356
Company Contact Information
Company Contact
Consumer Affairs, Ajinomoto Foods North America
(855) 742-5011
customercare@ajinomotofoods.com
Processing Category
Heat Treated - Not Fully Cooked - Not Shelf Stable
FSIS Contact Information
Media Contact
Congressional and Public Affairs
Keith Komosinski
FSISpress@usda.gov
Last Updated: Feb 19, 2026
.
Close
Start your search
Popular Topics
Recalls
Import & Export
FSIS Directives
FSIS Guidelines
Petitions
