Source: https://www.fsis.usda.gov/recalls-alerts/mountain-west-food-group-llc-recalls-ground-beef-products-due-possible-e--coli-o26
Accessed: 2026-09-20
Title: mountain west food group llc recalls ground beef products due possible e  coli o26

Mountain West Food Group, LLC Recalls Ground Beef Products Due To Possible E. Coli O26 Contamination | Food Safety and Inspection Service
Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website.
Skip navigation
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure.
The
https://
ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
ALERT: El Eden Import Distributor Corp Recalls… See more details
Food Safety
Recalls & Public Health Alerts
Report a Problem with Food
Additional Recalls
Annual Recall Summaries
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2025
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2024
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2023
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2022
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2021
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2020
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2019
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2018
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2017
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2016
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2015
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2014
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2013
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2012
Food Safety Stats
Consumer Research
Foodborne Illness and Disease
Enfermedades Transmitidas Por Alimentos y Otras Enfermedades
Illnesses and Pathogens
Botulism
Campylobacter
E. coli
Listeria
Parasites and Foodborne Illness
Preguntas y Respuestas Sobre Listeria
Salmonella
Resources for Public Health Partners
State Departments of Public Health
Outbreaks
Outbreak Investigations: Prevention
Outbreak Investigations: Response
Safe Food Handling and Preparation
Food Safety Basics
Additives in Meat and Poultry Products
Air Fryers and Food Safety
Appliance Thermometers
Cleanliness Helps Prevent Foodborne Illness
Cooking for Groups
Cooking with Microwave Ovens
Cutting Boards
Danger Zone 40F - 140F
Deep Fat Frying
Doneness Versus Safety
Food Allergies: The “Big 9”
Food Thermometers
Glossary of Packaging Terms
Grilling Food Safely
Grilling and Food Safety
High Altitude Cooking
How Temperatures Affect Food
How to Find the USDA Establishment Number
Importing Meat, Poultry & Egg Products US
Irradiation and Food Safety FAQ
Keeping "Bag" Lunches Safe
Keeping Food Safe During an Emergency
Mail Order Food Safety
Meat and Poultry Labeling Terms
Meat and Poultry Packaging Materials
Molds on Food: Are They Dangerous?
Natural Flavors on Meat and Poultry Labels
Safe Handling of Take-Out Foods
Slow Cookers and Food Safety
Smoking Meat and Poultry
Tailgating Food Safety Q & A
Understanding FSIS Food Recalls
Water in Meat & Poultry
Food Product Dating
Freezing and Food Safety
Leftovers and Food Safety
Refrigeration
Safe Temperature Chart
Shelf-Stable Food
The Big Thaw — Safe Defrosting Methods
The Color of Meat and Poultry
Washing Food: Does it Promote Food Safety?
Food Safety While Hiking, Camping & Boating
Conceptos Básicos de Seguridad Alimentaria
Your Guide to Safe Spring Holiday Meals
Meat & Catfish
Bacon and Food Safety
Beef From Farm To Table
Bison from Farm to Table
Catfish from Farm to Table
Color of Cooked Ground Beef as It Relates to Doneness
Corned Beef
Door-to-Door Meat Sales
Fresh Pork from Farm to Table
Goat from Farm to Table
Ground Beef and Food Safety
Hams and Food Safety
Hot Dogs & Food Safety
Jerky
Lamb From Farm to Table
Mechanically Tenderized Beef
Rabbit From Farm to Table
Roasting Those "Other" Holiday Meats
Sausages and Food Safety
Veal from Farm to Table
Yersiniosis and Chitterlings Tips
Carne y Bagre
Poultry
Your Safe Thanksgiving Guide
Chicken From Farm to Table
Chicken Liver
Duck and Goose from Farm to Table
Hock Locks and Other Accoutrements
Is Pink Turkey Meat Safe?
Let's Talk Turkey Roasting
Poultry Processing: Questions & Answers
Poultry: Basting, Brining, and Marinating
Stuffing and Food Safety
The Poultry Label Says "Fresh"
Turduckens Require Safe Food Handling
Turkey Basics: Handling Cooked Dinners
Turkey Basics: Safe Cooking
Turkey Basics: Safe Thawing
Turkey Basics: Stuffing
Turkey from Farm to Table
Turkey: Alternate Routes to the Table
Aves de Corral
Eggs
Egg Products and Food Safety
Shell Eggs from Farm to Table
Huevos
Emergencies
A Consumer's Guide to Food Safety: Severe Storms and Hurricanes
Fires and Food Safety
Keep Your Food Safe During Emergencies
Removing Odors from Refrigerators and Freezers
USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline
Brochures & Publications
Food Defense and Emergency Response
Emergency Response
Continuity of Operations (COOP)
Food Defense
Risk Mitigation Tool
Food Defense Considerations for Transportation of FSIS-Regulated Products
Food Defense Tools, Resources and Training
Functional Food Defense Plans
International Food Defense
Subscribe for Updates
Looking for Recall Data?
Our annual summaries provide an overview of each year's recalls by class, reason and product.
Explore the Annual Summaries
USDA Recall Classifications
Class I - High or Medium Risk
This is a health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious, adverse health consequences or death.
Class II - Low Risk
This is a health hazard situation where there is a remote probability of adverse health consequences from the use of the product.
Class III - Marginal Risk
This is a situation where the use of the product will not cause adverse health consequences or the risk is negligible.
Call Our Hotline
For help with meat, poultry, and egg products, call the toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline:
1-888-MPHOTLINE
1-888-674-6854
Report a Problem with Food Online
If you have a problem with a food product, let FSIS know or find the appropriate public health organization.
Report Problem
042-2025
High - Class I
Product Contamination
Closed
Sat, 12/27/2025 - Mon, 03/02/2026
California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Pennsylvania, Washington
Mountain West Food Group, LLC Recalls Ground Beef Products Due To Possible E. Coli O26 Contamination
Mountain West Food Group LLC
Quantity Recovered
2,424 lbs
FSIS Announcement
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27, 2025 –
Mountain West Food Group, LLC, a Heyburn, Idaho establishment, is recalling approximately 2,855 pounds of raw ground beef products that may be contaminated with
E. coli
O26, the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) announced today.
The raw ground beef item was produced on Dec. 16, 2025. The following product is subject to recall [
view labels
]:
16-oz. (1-lb.) vacuum-sealed packages containing “FORWARD FARMS GRASS-FED GROUND BEEF” with “USE OF FREEZE BY 01/13/26 EST 2083” printed on the side of the packaging.
The product subject to recall bears establishment number “EST 2083” printed on the side of the packaging. The product was shipped to distributors in California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Pennsylvania, and Washington for further distribution for retail sales.
The problem was discovered during routine FSIS testing and the sampling results showed the presence of
E. coli
O26.
There have been no confirmed reports of illness due to consumption of these products. Anyone concerned about an illness should contact a healthcare provider.
E. coli
O26, like the more common
E. coli
O157:H7, is a serovar of Shiga toxin-producing
E. coli
(STEC). People can become ill from STECs 2-8 days (average of 3-4 days) after exposure to the organism.
Most people infected with STEC O26 develop diarrhea (often bloody) and vomiting. Some illnesses last longer and can be more severe. Infection is usually diagnosed by testing of a stool sample. Vigorous rehydration and other supportive care is the usual treatment; antibiotic treatment is generally not recommended. Most people recover within a week, but, rarely, some develop a more severe infection. Hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS), a type of kidney failure, is uncommon with STEC O26 infection. HUS can occur in people of any age but is most common in children under 5 years old, older adults and persons with weakened immune systems. It is marked by easy bruising, pallor and decreased urine output. Persons who experience these symptoms should seek emergency medical care immediately.
FSIS is concerned that some product may be in consumers’ refrigerators or freezers. Consumers who have purchased these products are urged not to consume them. These products should be thrown away or returned to the place of purchase.
FSIS routinely conducts recall effectiveness checks to verify recalling firms notify their
customers of the recall and that steps are taken to make certain that the product is no longer available to consumers. When available, the retail distribution list(s) will be posted on the FSIS website at
www.fsis.usda.gov/recalls
.
FSIS advises all consumers to safely prepare their raw meat products, including fresh and frozen, and only consume ground beef that has been cooked to a temperature of 160 degrees F. The only way to confirm that ground beef is cooked to a temperature high enough to kill harmful bacteria is to use a food thermometer that measures internal temperature,
https://www.fsis.usda.gov/safetempchart
.
Media and consumers with questions regarding the recall can contact Jeremy Anderson, CEO of Mountain West Food Group, LLC, at 208-679-3765 or
info@mountainwestfoodgroup.com
.
Consumers with food safety questions can call the toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline at 888-MPHotline (888-674-6854) or send a question via email to
MPHotline@usda.gov
. For consumers that need to report a problem with a meat, poultry, or egg product, the online Electronic Consumer Complaint Monitoring System can be accessed 24 hours a day at
https://foodcomplaint.fsis.usda.gov/eCCF/
.
Product Images
Recall-042-2025-Labels_0.pdf
Distribution List
File
RC-042-2025-Retail-List.pdf
Company Information
Mountain West Food Group LLC
Heyburn, ID
Establishment ID
M2083+P2083+V2083
Company Contact Information
Company Contact
Mountain West Food Group, LLC
Jeremy Anderson
208-679-3765
info@mountainwestfoodgroup.com
Processing Category
Raw - Non Intact
FSIS Contact Information
Media Contact
Congressional and Public Affairs
Meredith Carothers
FSISpress@usda.gov
Last Updated: Mar 03, 2026
.
Close
Start your search
Popular Topics
Recalls
Import & Export
FSIS Directives
FSIS Guidelines
Petitions
