Source: https://www.fsis.usda.gov/recalls-alerts/fsis-issues-public-health-alert-ready-eat-chicken-caesar-wrap-products-may-be
Accessed: 2026-09-20
Title: fsis issues public health alert ready eat chicken caesar wrap products may be

FSIS Issues Public Health Alert for Ready-To-Eat Chicken Caesar Wrap Products That May Be Contaminated With Listeria | Food Safety and Inspection Service
Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website.
Skip navigation
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure.
The
https://
ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
ALERT: El Eden Import Distributor Corp Recalls… See more details
Food Safety
Recalls & Public Health Alerts
Report a Problem with Food
Additional Recalls
Annual Recall Summaries
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2025
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2024
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2023
Summary of Recall and PHA Cases in Calendar Year 2022
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2021
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2020
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2019
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2018
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2017
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2016
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2015
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2014
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2013
Summary of Recall Cases in Calendar Year 2012
Food Safety Stats
Consumer Research
Foodborne Illness and Disease
Enfermedades Transmitidas Por Alimentos y Otras Enfermedades
Illnesses and Pathogens
Botulism
Campylobacter
E. coli
Listeria
Parasites and Foodborne Illness
Preguntas y Respuestas Sobre Listeria
Salmonella
Resources for Public Health Partners
State Departments of Public Health
Outbreaks
Outbreak Investigations: Prevention
Outbreak Investigations: Response
Safe Food Handling and Preparation
Food Safety Basics
Additives in Meat and Poultry Products
Air Fryers and Food Safety
Appliance Thermometers
Cleanliness Helps Prevent Foodborne Illness
Cooking for Groups
Cooking with Microwave Ovens
Cutting Boards
Danger Zone 40F - 140F
Deep Fat Frying
Doneness Versus Safety
Food Allergies: The “Big 9”
Food Thermometers
Glossary of Packaging Terms
Grilling Food Safely
Grilling and Food Safety
High Altitude Cooking
How Temperatures Affect Food
How to Find the USDA Establishment Number
Importing Meat, Poultry & Egg Products US
Irradiation and Food Safety FAQ
Keeping "Bag" Lunches Safe
Keeping Food Safe During an Emergency
Mail Order Food Safety
Meat and Poultry Labeling Terms
Meat and Poultry Packaging Materials
Molds on Food: Are They Dangerous?
Natural Flavors on Meat and Poultry Labels
Safe Handling of Take-Out Foods
Slow Cookers and Food Safety
Smoking Meat and Poultry
Tailgating Food Safety Q & A
Understanding FSIS Food Recalls
Water in Meat & Poultry
Food Product Dating
Freezing and Food Safety
Leftovers and Food Safety
Refrigeration
Safe Temperature Chart
Shelf-Stable Food
The Big Thaw — Safe Defrosting Methods
The Color of Meat and Poultry
Washing Food: Does it Promote Food Safety?
Food Safety While Hiking, Camping & Boating
Conceptos Básicos de Seguridad Alimentaria
Your Guide to Safe Spring Holiday Meals
Meat & Catfish
Bacon and Food Safety
Beef From Farm To Table
Bison from Farm to Table
Catfish from Farm to Table
Color of Cooked Ground Beef as It Relates to Doneness
Corned Beef
Door-to-Door Meat Sales
Fresh Pork from Farm to Table
Goat from Farm to Table
Ground Beef and Food Safety
Hams and Food Safety
Hot Dogs & Food Safety
Jerky
Lamb From Farm to Table
Mechanically Tenderized Beef
Rabbit From Farm to Table
Roasting Those "Other" Holiday Meats
Sausages and Food Safety
Veal from Farm to Table
Yersiniosis and Chitterlings Tips
Carne y Bagre
Poultry
Your Safe Thanksgiving Guide
Chicken From Farm to Table
Chicken Liver
Duck and Goose from Farm to Table
Hock Locks and Other Accoutrements
Is Pink Turkey Meat Safe?
Let's Talk Turkey Roasting
Poultry Processing: Questions & Answers
Poultry: Basting, Brining, and Marinating
Stuffing and Food Safety
The Poultry Label Says "Fresh"
Turduckens Require Safe Food Handling
Turkey Basics: Handling Cooked Dinners
Turkey Basics: Safe Cooking
Turkey Basics: Safe Thawing
Turkey Basics: Stuffing
Turkey from Farm to Table
Turkey: Alternate Routes to the Table
Aves de Corral
Eggs
Egg Products and Food Safety
Shell Eggs from Farm to Table
Huevos
Emergencies
A Consumer's Guide to Food Safety: Severe Storms and Hurricanes
Fires and Food Safety
Keep Your Food Safe During Emergencies
Removing Odors from Refrigerators and Freezers
USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline
Brochures & Publications
Food Defense and Emergency Response
Emergency Response
Continuity of Operations (COOP)
Food Defense
Risk Mitigation Tool
Food Defense Considerations for Transportation of FSIS-Regulated Products
Food Defense Tools, Resources and Training
Functional Food Defense Plans
International Food Defense
Subscribe for Updates
Looking for Recall Data?
Our annual summaries provide an overview of each year's recalls by class, reason and product.
Explore the Annual Summaries
USDA Recall Classifications
Class I - High or Medium Risk
This is a health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious, adverse health consequences or death.
Class II - Low Risk
This is a health hazard situation where there is a remote probability of adverse health consequences from the use of the product.
Class III - Marginal Risk
This is a situation where the use of the product will not cause adverse health consequences or the risk is negligible.
Call Our Hotline
For help with meat, poultry, and egg products, call the toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline:
1-888-MPHOTLINE
1-888-674-6854
Report a Problem with Food Online
If you have a problem with a food product, let FSIS know or find the appropriate public health organization.
Report Problem
PHA-06252026-01
Public Health Alert
Product Contamination
Active
Thu, 06/25/2026 - Current
Minnesota, Wisconsin
FSIS Issues Public Health Alert for Ready-To-Eat Chicken Caesar Wrap Products That May Be Contaminated With Listeria
Taher, Inc.
FSIS Announcement
WASHINGTON, June 25, 2026
– The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) is issuing a public health alert for ready-to-eat chicken Caesar wrap products due to concerns that the product may be contaminated with
Listeria monocytogenes
(
Lm
). A recall was not requested because the products are no longer available for purchase.
The ready-to-eat chicken Caesar wrap items were produced on June 16, 2026. The following products subject to the public health alert are [
view labels
]:
8.7-oz. clear plastic wrapped packages of “FRESH SEASONS Kitchen Chicken Caesar Wrap” with “Sell By:6/24/2026” printed on the back label above the ingredients.
The products bear establishment number “P- 45091” inside the USDA mark of inspection. These products were shipped to Holiday convenience stores in Minnesota and Wisconsin.
The problem was discovered during routine FSIS product testing when a sample confirmed positive for the presence of
Listeria monocytogenes
.
There have been no confirmed reports of illness due to consumption of these products. Anyone concerned about an illness should contact a health care provider.
Consumption of food contaminated with
Lm
can cause listeriosis, a serious infection that primarily affects older adults, persons with weakened immune systems, and pregnant women and their newborns. Less commonly, persons outside these risk groups are affected.
Listeriosis can cause fever, muscle aches, headache, stiff neck, confusion, loss of balance and convulsions sometimes preceded by diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms. An invasive infection spreads beyond the gastrointestinal tract. In pregnant women, the infection can cause miscarriages, stillbirths, premature delivery or life-threatening infection of the newborn. In addition, serious and sometimes fatal infections can occur in older adults and persons with weakened immune systems. Listeriosis is treated with antibiotics. Persons in the higher-risk categories who experience flu-like symptoms within two months after eating contaminated food should seek medical care and tell the health care provider about eating the contaminated food.
FSIS is concerned that some product may be in consumers’ refrigerators. Consumers who have purchased these products are urged not to consume them. These products should be thrown away or returned to the place of purchase.
Media and consumers with questions regarding the public health alert can contact Jill Teut, Communications, Taher Inc., at
communications@taher.com
.
Consumers with food safety questions can call the toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline at 888-MPHotline (888-674-6854) or send a question via email to
MPHotline@usda.gov
. For consumers that need to report a problem with a meat, poultry, or egg product, the online Electronic Consumer Complaint Monitoring System can be accessed 24 hours a day at
https://foodcomplaint.fsis.usda.gov/eCCF/
.
Product Images
PHA-06252026-01-Labels.pdf
Company Information
Taher, Inc.
Plymouth, MN
Establishment ID
M45091+P45091
Company Contact Information
Company Contact
Taher Inc.
Jill Teut, Communications
communications@taher.com
Processing Category
Fully Cooked - Not Shelf Stable
FSIS Contact Information
Media Contact
Congressional and Public Affairs
Meredith Carothers
FSISpress@usda.gov
Last Updated: Jun 25, 2026
.
Close
Start your search
Popular Topics
Recalls
Import & Export
FSIS Directives
FSIS Guidelines
Petitions
